Okay.
So let's validate that we are able to filter jobs using just job types.
I want to test this feature in isolation before we combine it with the organization filtering feature.
So I'm going to open up our old friend the job listings dot view component.
As a reminder, in this component, we are accessing the filter jobs by organization getter.
We're getting it right here because that is the getter that is filtering our array of jobs based on
the organizational checkboxes that the user has selected on the left hand side, which have traveled
all the way to view X.
So what I'm just going to do is replace this filter jobs by organization's getter with the one that
we defined in this section called filter jobs by job types.
So right here, let's import filter jobs by job types instead.
So I'm going to replace organizations with job types.
That's going to.
Click on this and copy it so I can paste the right here.
And we are using that former getter in a couple other places.
For example, right here in a next page computed property.
We are dividing our filter jobs by ten to figure out how many pages we have.
So right here I'm going to replace this with filter jobs by job types.
And right here this displayed jobs computed property is talking to that array and slicing it to get
just the correct amount of ten jobs depending on what page ran.
So here, obviously we want to replace filter jobs by organizations with filter jobs by job types.
Everything else basically is going to stay the same here.
We're fetching the jobs here we are fetching them, which basically means invoking the view ax action
to get them.
And then this displayed jobs computed property is what we're iterating over with av4 right here we are
rendering a job listing component for each one and passing the job.
So all of this template logic should remain the same.
We're basically just going to alter where our array of jobs, of filter jobs is coming from now it's
going to be coming from the getter that is using the job types instead of the getter that was using
organizations.
But the logic should be basically the same.
So if I navigate to my web browser and let me just refresh the page to make certain, obviously now
we've kind of inverted everything.
So if I click on an organization, nothing will happen, but that's to be expected.
But now the page loads is fine.
And when I click on a job type such as part time, you should see where filtering the jobs on the right.
Now, there's nothing actually in our display that shows that this is a part time job, but the mere
fact that they are changing whenever I filter is kind of proof to me that it is working.
All right.
And just if we wanted to validate, for example, what I can do is just click part time right here.
Bring up my view devtools.
And then go to something like my components to right here.
I'm going to go two components right here.
Let's see if it loads me.
Refresh it.
There we go.
I'm going to go to my job results view.
I'm going to go to my job listings and we can see display jobs is an array of ten jobs.
And in theory, if I go over any of these objects, the job type should be part time.
We can see part time right here on the first object.
If I go into random object here, we can see it's part time as well.
Part time as well, part time as well.
So even though this piece of information isn't visually displayed on each job, I have kind of the comfort
here from a technical perspective that we are indeed filtering.
The correct jobs to appear right here.
And obviously, if I can select this, if I select all four, it looks like everything is working as
we expect.
We can see those changes on the right.
So I'm feeling pretty good.
All right.
So we've got these two independent features built.
We're able to filter by job type right now, but unfortunately, we've broken our filtering by organizations.
And our ultimate intent in this section was to allow the user to filter by both at any given time.
So this is the part where things are going to start to come together.
We're going to start to talk about more new View X features, and we're going to start on that in the
next lesson when we're going to start talking about how we can consolidate those getters that are filtering
together into one.
So I'll see you there.